feat: update for react native v7 (#750)
chromaui/learnstorybook.com: content/intro-to-storybook/react-native/en/composite-component.md

`TaskStory.args.task` supplies the shape of a `Task` that we created and exported from the `Task.stories.js` file. Similarly, the `argTypes` we added for `onPinTask` and `onArchiveTask` tell Storybook to provide actions (mocked callbacks) that the `TaskList` component needs.

> If you don't immediately see the new story show up then try reloading the app. If that doesn't work you can run `yarn storybook-generate` again to regenerate the `storybook.requires` file.

Reviewer: @dannyhw, when you have a moment, can you rephrase this to:
```suggestion
If you don't see the new story immediately, try reloading the app. If that doesn't work, you can re-run `yarn storybook-generate` to regenerate the `storybook.requires` file.
```
